doc: create centralized documentation for developers (#1120)
HeyPuter/puter: doc/README.md

## Contributor Documentation

> Interested in contributing? [Find all documentation for Puter's contributors here.](./contributors/README.md)

Reviewer: I'm okay with keeping a few redundant links here for easy-of-access.

```suggestion
Interested in contributing? Check out the resources below:

- [Contributor Documentation](./contributors/README.md)
- [Frontend Documentation](/src/gui/doc)
- [Backend Documentation](/src/backend/doc)
```
